rolling-upgrade-ispn/README.md, before:

Rolling Upgrade
---------------

1) Run IspnTestV1 with system properties:

-Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.port=1255 -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.authenticate=false -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.ssl=false

2) Run CLI:
 
java -jar /home/mposolda/.m2/repository/org/infinispan/infinispan-cli/8.2.8.Final/infinispan-cli-8.2.8.Final.jar

3) connect jmx://localhost:1255

More in ISPN docs: http://infinispan.org/docs/8.2.x/user_guide/user_guide.html#_CLI_chapter


Rolling upgrade servers with HotRod - alternative 1
---------------------------------------------------

1) Run infinispan-server 8.x


    cd ~/tmp/test-rolling-upgrades/infinispan-server-8.2.6.Final-1/bin
    ./standalone.sh -c clustered.xml -Djava.net.preferIPv4Stack=true \
    -Djboss.socket.binding.port-offset=1010 -Djboss.default.multicast.address=234.56.78.99 \
    -Djboss.node.name=cache-server-1
    
2) Configure infinispan 9.1.X server with remoteStore like this 
in `~/tmp/test-rolling-upgrades/infinispan-server-9.1.0.Final-1/standalone/configuration/clustered.xml`


    <distributed-cache name="default">
        <remote-store cache="default" socket-timeout="60000" tcp-no-delay="true" shared="true" 
            raw-values="true" hotrod-wrapping="true" purge="false" passivation="false" 
            protocol-version="2.4">
                <remote-server outbound-socket-binding="remote-store-hotrod-server"/>
        </remote-store>
    </distributed-cache>    
                
and:

        <outbound-socket-binding name="remote-store-hotrod-server">
            <remote-destination host="localhost" port="12232"/>
        </outbound-socket-binding>
 
3) Run infinispan-server-9.1.4 on different port and with different multicast address 

    cd ~/tmp/test-rolling-upgrades/infinispan-server-9.1.4.Final-1/bin
    ./standalone.sh -c clustered.xml -Djava.net.preferIPv4Stack=true \
    -Djboss.socket.binding.port-offset=3010 -Djboss.default.multicast.address=234.56.78.100 \
    -Djboss.node.name=cache-server-3 
        
4) Run `RemoteIspnTestV1` class with `-Djdg.port=12232` . Then create some items through:


    create 123
    create 456
    create 789
    
5) Connect through `jconsole` to the infinispan-server 8.2.6 and check 
MBean `jboss.datagrid-infinispan:type=Cache,name="default(dist_sync)",manager="clustered",component=Statistics`
that it has 3 items (numberOfEntries)

6) Go to RollingUpgrade in `jconsole` and run operation `recordKnownGlobalKeyset` .

7) Check statistics again. It should have 4 entries now.

8) Disconnect `jconsole` from infinispan 8.2.6 and connect rather to infinispan-server 9.1.4 and 
check statistics, that there are 0 entries in `default` cache.

9) Go to `RollingUpgradesManager` and run operation `synchronizeData` with parameter `hotrod` .

10) Check statistics, that there are 4 entries now.

11) Go back to RollingUpgradeManager and run `disconnectSource` with parameter `hotrod` .

12) Run `RemoteIspnTestV2` class with `-Djdg.port=14232` . Then run `list` in it for list items.
The 4 items should be there including `___MigrationManager_HotRod_KnownKeys___` .

NOTE: The `recordKnownGlobalKeyset` was tried as workaround to https://issues.jboss.org/browse/ISPN-8719 .
But looks that it may not be needed at all. So it's probably better to try alternativer 2.

Rolling upgrade servers with HotRod - alternative 2
---------------------------------------------------

1) Run points 1,2,3,4 from alternative 1. But in point 2, make sure that 
protocol is configured with compatibility version 2.5 


    <distributed-cache name="default">
        <remote-store cache="default" socket-timeout="60000" tcp-no-delay="true" shared="true" 
            raw-values="true" hotrod-wrapping="true" purge="false" passivation="false" 
            protocol-version="2.5">
                <remote-server outbound-socket-binding="remote-store-hotrod-server"/>
        </remote-store>
    </distributed-cache>  


The 2.5 should be version for infinispan-server 8 (or JDG 7.1). 
See https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_jboss_data_grid/7.1/html/administration_and_configuration_guide/rolling_upgrades
From this version, there is no need for use `recordKnownGlobalKeyset` as it's possible to iterate
through remoteCache. See source code of infinispan 9.1.4 and methods `HotRodTargetMigrator#synchronizeData` and `HotRodMigratorHelper#supportsIteration` .

2) Skip points 5,6,7 from above (no need to connect to infinispan-server 8.2.6 console)

3) Just use the points 8-12 from above. There is difference, that there will be just 3 entries comparing to alternative 1.

Commit message:

Updated rolling-upgrade-ispn MISC

rolling-upgrade-ispn/README.md, after:

Rolling Upgrade
---------------

1) Run IspnTestV1 with system properties:

-Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.port=1255 -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.authenticate=false -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.ssl=false

2) Run CLI:
 
java -jar /home/mposolda/.m2/repository/org/infinispan/infinispan-cli/8.2.8.Final/infinispan-cli-8.2.8.Final.jar

3) connect jmx://localhost:1255

More in ISPN docs: http://infinispan.org/docs/8.2.x/user_guide/user_guide.html#_CLI_chapter


Rolling upgrade servers with HotRod - alternative 1
---------------------------------------------------

1) Run infinispan-server 8.x


    cd ~/tmp/test-rolling-upgrades/infinispan-server-8.2.6.Final-1/bin
    ./standalone.sh -c clustered.xml -Djava.net.preferIPv4Stack=true \
    -Djboss.socket.binding.port-offset=1010 -Djboss.default.multicast.address=234.56.78.99 \
    -Djboss.node.name=cache-server-1
    
2) Configure infinispan 9.1.X server with remoteStore like this 
in `~/tmp/test-rolling-upgrades/infinispan-server-9.1.0.Final-1/standalone/configuration/clustered.xml`


    <distributed-cache name="default">
        <remote-store cache="default" socket-timeout="60000" tcp-no-delay="true" shared="true" 
            raw-values="true" hotrod-wrapping="true" purge="false" passivation="false" 
            protocol-version="2.4">
                <remote-server outbound-socket-binding="remote-store-hotrod-server"/>
        </remote-store>
    </distributed-cache>    
                
and:

        <outbound-socket-binding name="remote-store-hotrod-server">
            <remote-destination host="localhost" port="12232"/>
        </outbound-socket-binding>
 
3) Run infinispan-server-9.1.4 on different port and with different multicast address 

    cd ~/tmp/test-rolling-upgrades/infinispan-server-9.1.4.Final-1/bin
    ./standalone.sh -c clustered.xml -Djava.net.preferIPv4Stack=true \
    -Djboss.socket.binding.port-offset=3010 -Djboss.default.multicast.address=234.56.78.100 \
    -Djboss.node.name=cache-server-3 
        
4) Run `RemoteIspnTestV1` class with `-Djdg.port=12232` . Then create some items through:


    create 123
    create 456
    create 789
    
5) Connect through `jconsole` to the infinispan-server 8.2.6 and check 
MBean `jboss.datagrid-infinispan:type=Cache,name="default(dist_sync)",manager="clustered",component=Statistics`
that it has 3 items (numberOfEntries)

6) Go to RollingUpgrade in `jconsole` and run operation `recordKnownGlobalKeyset` .

7) Check statistics again. It should have 4 entries now.

8) Disconnect `jconsole` from infinispan 8.2.6 and connect rather to infinispan-server 9.1.4 and 
check statistics, that there are 0 entries in `default` cache.

9) Go to `RollingUpgradesManager` and run operation `synchronizeData` with parameter `hotrod` .

10) Check statistics, that there are 4 entries now.

11) Go back to RollingUpgradeManager and run `disconnectSource` with parameter `hotrod` .

12) Run `RemoteIspnTestV2` class with `-Djdg.port=14232` . Then run `list` in it for list items.
The 4 items should be there including `___MigrationManager_HotRod_KnownKeys___` .

NOTE: The `recordKnownGlobalKeyset` was tried as workaround to https://issues.jboss.org/browse/ISPN-8719 .
But looks that it may not be needed at all. So it's probably better to try alternativer 2.

Rolling upgrade servers with HotRod - alternative 2
---------------------------------------------------

1) Run points 1,2,3,4 from alternative 1. But in point 2, make sure that 
protocol is configured with compatibility version 2.5 


    <distributed-cache name="default">
        <remote-store cache="default" socket-timeout="60000" tcp-no-delay="true" shared="true" 
            raw-values="true" hotrod-wrapping="true" purge="false" passivation="false" 
            protocol-version="2.5">
                <remote-server outbound-socket-binding="remote-store-hotrod-server"/>
        </remote-store>
    </distributed-cache>  


The 2.5 should be version for infinispan-server 8 (or JDG 7.1). 
See https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_jboss_data_grid/7.1/html/administration_and_configuration_guide/rolling_upgrades
From this version, there is no need for use `recordKnownGlobalKeyset` as it's possible to iterate
through remoteCache. See source code of infinispan 9.1.4 and methods `HotRodTargetMigrator#synchronizeData` and `HotRodMigratorHelper#supportsIteration` .

2) Skip points 5,6,7 from above (no need to connect to infinispan-server 8.2.6 console)

3) Just use the points 8-12 from above. There is difference, that there will be just 3 entries comparing to alternative 1.


Concurrent Rolling Upgrade test
-------------------------------
Example test, which is doing "hot upgrade". The old cluster is concurrently doing lots 
of inserts/updates when the remoteCache (JDG) is connected with it. The new cluster 
reads data from JDG. There is test that there are not lost writes (All the write operations
done on old cluster are visible on new cluster after backup.). See class `ClusterRollingUpgradeTest` .

It just requires JDG server to be running locally on `./standalone.sh` before it's executed.
